hello together I have two here
beautiful super well grown
tomato plants in hand there is even
already a fruit and we have
today a fruit day by moon calendar
so far we have been able to watch in our videos
See how we sowed the ones we have
who have pleaded and transplanted and
as we put the bucket where the same pure
have prepared with ducati
Let's go
I remove the tomato from the bottom
leaves throws her the plant free
downward
on the one hand so that the leaves not to
rest on the one hand and on the other hand with me
Carefully plant the tomato deep
to solve
you can see a beautiful root
he looks great
Can not do that with the shovel me
beautifully the first is in it for
plant the tomatoes in pots on these
the black ones are so dark
Sun
they are protected against the wall that is
optimally this works great
We did not have any ice-saint yet
but first of all, it's kind of like that
anyway, do not leave 2x here
a mild climate and third are the
plant big enough
that is why the earth also combines here
a beautiful root ball what have
I forget leaves down
tomato pure kögel is now still
filled up with earth and then we look
which leaves come to the ground
he is on the one hand down
but also out
much water
That was about halfway now
watering can
from this ten liter watering can easter
cool streep hd we take out that too
is again a tomato this place
hover
We'll pack that in later
nevertheless that did not settle and
that would be a bit too wobbly in there
so we're coming in later
if you do not have enough tomatoes now
has or continues to multiply
You want to be able to have such a wonderful mind
rubbed here usually takes break
we 'll keep you out of it
can grow and not too bushy
but i can break them too then
i can water them and
plant and have a new one
tomato plant what to pour when tomatoes
It is also important that you do not have water
directly from the line or from the
Fountain takes that is much too cold
Now with the cuttings it is important
leaves evaporate water so that we a
make some runners off and also
label so we know behind yet
what it was
which now are from the dathe tomato
two to three days in the water come
in the sowaaterde
here under the carport the three bucket
with the buffalo heart tomato
and the next time lawn mowing comes
the lawncut as well as 0 on it